hey guys what's going on so just today 9
to 5 Mac made this post and they have
some more images and leaks of the next
generation iPhone actually the low cost
or low budget iPhone and now they're
saying it's going to be called the
iPhone 5c so let's get into this video
ok so I'm sure all of you have seen this
picture at one point or another on the
plastic backed iPhone in multiple colors
this was recently known as the low cost
or a budget iPhone as of today it was
revealed that is it going to be called
the iPhone 5c now the picture may not be
from Apple it's themselves that's what
the description said on 9 to 5 Mac but
they have information leading to that it
very well could be here's just another
picture very similar of the box that
says iPhone 5c on it now that could just
be a rumor and someone could just spend
a lot of money making all these plastic
boxes but chances are it probably is
going to be called the iPhone 5c from
the information that's been revealed
today but now on to the really really
cool stuff in the fourth beta from iOS
that was just seated about two hours ago
it was already pulled up that there's a
biometric fingerprint scanner now
although you aren't actually able to use
this feature at the moment it is in the
system and it looks like they're testing
it and getting it ready meaning that the
next generation iPhone and most likely
the iPhone 5c will have a fingerprint
scanner
now Apple's been kind of light on the
whole biometric fingerprint scanner
there's a lot of other devices that have
been using this even tablets and
computers from years ago have used this
so the fact that they haven't used it
but it's been talked about for years and
years and years kind of surprises me but
if they don't have one coming out with
this next iPhone I'm gonna be pretty
disappointed that's all I have for you
guys right now and I'm sure there's
gonna be more information released later
so I will definitely be making an update
on this in the near future but that is
the iPhone 5c and the biometric
fingerprint scanner if you have any
questions or comments or feedback leave
them below or tweet me at JB underscore
iPhone 5